Subject: Support and Collaboration Commitment for NSF Proposal on 'LIGHTS' Project
Content:
Dear Dr. Wang:

This letter is to express my support of your proposal to the National
Science Foundation to research and create a "Laboratory for Information
Globalization and Harmonization

Technologies and Studies (LIGHTS)", and also to confirm my commitment to
collaborate with you in the development and testing of LIGHTS.

The focus of my responsibility within the Cedars-Sinai Health System is
to construct measures of patient care quality and efficiency from data
available in our transactional information systems for use by clinical
and administrative leadership to support patient care improvement
activities as well as strategic decision-making. I have been working for
several years now with a specific focus on addressing deficiencies in
the quality of the data available to my department from our
transactional information systems, and as you know, have been consulting
with you and other leaders in the field of data quality improvement to
advance our efforts here. Your multidimensional model of data quality,
encompassing accuracy as well as timeliness, consistency, and
credibility is a very important starting point for our work, as is the
focus on applied techniques for data quality improvement across these
dimensions.

I have been struck by the broad impact of your work across all
industries through my involvement in the annual International Conference
on Information Quality, as well as the MIT Summer Professional Program
in Data Quality Management. In particular, my collaboration with you so
far has had a profound impact on the success of my efforts here, and I
look forward to our continuing collaboration through this project to
further advance this important work.

Sincerely,

Bruce N. Davidson, Ph.D., M.P.H.

Director, Resource and Outcomes Management
