Subject: Support and Intent to Collaborate on LIGHTS and SHIP Projects
Content:
Dear Professor Choucri,

I write this letter to enthusiastically support the creation of MIT's
Laboratory for Information Globalization and Harmonization Technologies
and Studies

(LIGHTS) and its project to dramatically improve the acquisition,
organization, interpretation, and dissemination of information needed to
address existing and emerging problems in international relations (IR).

My research centers on the development of a computerized conflict early
warning system. Both the development and operation of that system would
benefit greatly from the existence of the System for Harmonized
Information Processing (SHIP).

I currently make use of sources of a varied nature written in a variety
of languages in order to establish an empirical foundation for the early
warning system. The operation of the early warning system will in turn
require access to materials in a multiplicity of languages and of
different domains and, more importantly, will require that the
information be transformed into a form that the early warning system can
properly evaluate. The importance of SHIP for me is that through its
ability to provide multiple interpretations of information, SHIP make it
feasible to have more than one transformation. I want that capability
because it will allow me to ascertain which of many possible different
interpretations of the data either provides an early warning or the most
accurate early warning if more than one interpretation provides one.

If LIGHTS and SHIP receive support, I would collaborate with the MIT
team to help shape the information needs in the IR domain and help
design and implement SHIP.

Sincerely,

Peter Brecke
